#Databases in AWS
https://aws.amazon.com/products/databases/

#RDS Multi-AZ failover
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Concepts.MultiAZ.html

#Aurora Storage
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/introducing-the-aurora-storage-engine/

#Aurora failover conditions
https://aws.amazon.com/rds/aurora/faqs/

#Aurora Backtrack
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/amazon-aurora-backtrack-turn-back-time/

#DynamoDB resilience
https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/sla/

#Redshift Federated Query
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/big-data/amazon-redshift-federated-query-best-practices-and-performance-considerations/

#Elasticache Redis clusters
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonElastiCache/latest/red-ug/Replication.Redis-RedisCluster.html

#Automation using DMS
https://aws-quickstart.s3.amazonaws.com/quickstart-aws-dms-automation/doc/aws-database-migration-service-automation-framework.pdf

#Automation using CodeBuild
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/devops/enhancing-automated-database-continuous-integration-with-aws-codebuild-and-amazon-rds-database-snapshot/

#6 Rs of cloud migration
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/enterprise-strategy/6-strategies-for-migrating-applications-to-the-cloud/

#SCT Sources and destinations
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/database-migration-strategy/database-migration-strategy.pdf
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/SchemaConversionTool/latest/userguide/CHAP_Welcome.html

#DMS sources and destinations
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dms/latest/userguide/CHAP_Source.html

#SCT and LOBs
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/SchemaConversionTool/latest/userguide/agents.dw.html#agents.LOBs

#Data migration with DMS
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/SchemaConversionTool/latest/userguide/CHAP_DMSIntegration.html

#Migrate SQL Server to Aurora
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dms/latest/sbs/CHAP_SQLServer2Aurora.Steps.html

#Neptune bulk load
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/neptune/latest/userguide/bulk-load-data.html

#RDS delayed replication
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/recover-from-a-disaster-with-delayed-replication-in-amazon-rds-for-mysql

#RDS backups
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_WorkingWithAutomatedBackups.html
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_ExportSnapshot.html

#Aurora backups
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/Aurora.Managing.Backups.html
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/Aurora.Managing.Clone.html

#DynamoDB backups
https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/backup-restore/

#Redshift backups
https://www.sqlshack.com/export-data-from-aws-redshift-to-aws-s3/
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/mgmt/working-with-snapshots.html

#Elasticache backups
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonElastiCache/latest/red-ug/backups.html
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonElastiCache/latest/red-ug/backups-exporting.html

#Aurora Backtrack operations
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/AuroraMySQL.Managing.Backtrack.html

#RDS logging and monitoring
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Overview.LoggingAndMonitoring.html
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Overview.DBInstance.Status.html

#Aurora auditing
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/AuroraMySQL.Auditing.html

#DynamoDB monitoring
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/MonitoringDynamoDB.html

#Redshift monitoring
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/mgmt/db-auditing.html
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/mgmt/metrics.html

#DocumentDB monitoring
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/documentdb/latest/developerguide/profiling.html
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/documentdb/latest/developerguide/logging-and-monitoring.html

#RDS and storage management
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/rds-autoscaling-low-free-storage/

#Aurora troubleshooting
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/CHAP_Troubleshooting.html

#DynamoDB troubleshooting
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/dynamodb-high-latency/
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/Programming.Errors.html

#DocumentDB troubleshooting
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/documentdb/latest/developerguide/user_diagnostics.html#user_diagnostics-query_terminating
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/documentdb/latest/developerguide/user_diagnostics.html#user_diagnostics-query_plan
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/documentdb/latest/developerguide/user_diagnostics.html#user_diagnostics-cpu_utilization

#DMS storage full
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/dms-replication-instance-storage-full/

#EC2 optimization
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/best-storage-practices-for-running-production-workloads-on-hosted-databases-with-amazon-rds-or-amazon-ec2/

#Aurora optimization
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/Aurora.Managing.Performance.html

#DynamoDB optimization
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/choosing-the-right-number-of-shards-for-your-large-scale-amazon-dynamodb-table/
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/bp-partition-key-design.html

#Elasticache optimization
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonElastiCache/latest/red-ug/CacheNodes.SupportedTypes.html
https://d0.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/performance-at-scale-with-amazon-elasticache.pdf

#DynamoDB GSI
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/create-gsi-dynamodb/
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/how-to-use-dynamodb-global-secondary-indexes-to-improve-query-performance-and-reduce-costs/
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/dynamodb-gsi-throttling-table/

#Neptune SSL
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/neptune/latest/userguide/security-ssl.html

#Elasticache at-rest encryption
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonElastiCache/latest/red-ug/at-rest-encryption.html#at-rest-encryption-enable

#Audit logging
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/advanced-audit-rds-mysql-cloudwatch/

#AWS Config remediation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/remediation.html

#RBAC vs ABAC
https://blog.identityautomation.com/rbac-vs-abac-access-control-models-iam-explained

#VPC Gateway Endpoint policies
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-endpoints-ddb.html#vpc-endpoints-policies-ddb

